---
title: "Sign Up for RWOT in the Hague: September 26-30, 2022"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
  - RWOT Workshop
tags:
  - RWOT11
  - Hague
---
Our eleventh Rebooting the Web of Trust (#RWOT) design workshop on decentralized identity technologies will be held in the Hague, the Netherlands, Monday September 26 through Friday September 30, 2022. You can now sign up on <a href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-xi-2022-the-hague-tickets-347605426187">Eventbrite</a>.

This event <i>starts</i> Monday evening on September 26th with presentations and a poster session for the top topic papers. It will <i>end</I> Friday evening, September 30th with a group dinner. Plan your travel accordingly.

* **Topic Paper Night** is on Monday evening, September 26th. This will be open to the public and is an integral part of the workshop process. Here, we will begin the process of sharing ideas and forming teams.
* **Group Dinner** is on Friday September 30th. We have something special planned for all registered attendees.

Over the last seven years, Rebooting the Web of Trust has published over fifty collaborative white papers, technical specs, and code repositories. The focus of all of our events is on decentralized identity, including technical models, reputation systems, smart contracts and more. We've had high-level users tell us about practical use cases and applications, and we've had engineers create technical specifications and code.

Some members of our community have leveraged this work and turned it into projects that have received VC funding, while others have brought in SBIR grants and other contracts from the US Government. Technology specifications incubated at our events are also moving toward acceptance in W3C and IETF as international standards. Still others have integrated RWOT work into proprietary identity platforms.

The terminology of “Self-Sovereign Identity” created at our design workshops is now being used broadly as the future of identity by many identity organizations worldwide. The current draft specification for Decentralized Identifiers (DIDs) in the W3C Decentralized Identifier Working Group https://w3.org/TR/did-core  drew heavily on the work at our workshops (as well as at IIW and the W3C CCG).

Visit <a href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-xi-2022-the-hague-tickets-347605426187">Eventbrite</a> for more information.
